agent version 3.18.1 release (#1007)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: docs/agent/changelog.md

## v3

### ngrok Agent 3.18.1 - \[2024-10-24\]

> - Add’s binary execution path to the host system metrics collected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds binary execution path to the host system metrics collected
```
